The Story of Number One
Today I'd like share a story of number one. Here the number one does not mean the first place, it just means number one in the mathematics world.

It was the last November eleventh, the number one stayed alone and felt very lonely. So he decided to walk out to meet some friends. Firstly he met his neighbor Miss number two. But he just talked with her very few words and left. Later he met Miss number eight, he just talked with her very few words and left again. He walked forward and met Miss four - square of two, he just talked with her very few words and left. Later he met Miss square root of two, he just talked with her very few words and left again. He walked forward and met Miss number pai, one just talked with her very few words and left. Later he met Miss imaginary number i, he seemed can't see her and just moved on. At last he met Miss number zero, one turned around at once and left even without a word.

Number one walked a lot but he can't make any friends. So he prayed to the god:" god, god, why can't I find a friend?". God answered:" You had met a lot of numbers, why did you not like them?". He answered:" I don't like them because all of them had some shortcoming or weak points". God was surprised:" Really? Say it!"

Number one said:" Firstly I met two, she seemed very tired and in a low mood, her head was down and can't walk. She was just crawling. Look at me, I am tall and straight. Then I met eight, she had a fat body and a fat head. Look at me, I am so slim. Then I met the square of two, oh she had already got a baby. Later it is the square root of two, she is more miserable than Miss two, she had a lot of pressure from the load of a half of a house and she is an irrational number. Then I met pai, she had a whole house. But she is round and sleek and more she is also an irrational number just like the square root of two. Then I met i - the imaginary number one, she is beautiful but it seems we walk on the different direction. At last I met zero, she was so poor, she had nothing and even can make me nothing!"

God laughed and said:" Why did you only notice the shortcoming or disadvantage of others. You really need to try to find the highlights and advantages from others. For example, number two just head down and crawl when she talks to you because she is much taller than you if she stands up and head up. She was a little tired just she is very busy after all she is a prime! Number eight is fat but many Chinese like her because of her Chinese pronunciation. And she will become the infinite when she lies down. Number four - the square of two has real power and can increase very quickly when her baby increases. And the square root of two never repeats her words and had a half of house at least while you got none. The number pai is a genius: she can occupy the largest space with the same line, while you occupy nothing! The imaginary number i is the image of you in the other world, the world was composed by the imaginary numbers. And the last number zero has the greatest power, yes, it can change all number to nothing but it can also make you ten times when she stands behind you. And she can make an infinite when she divides you. Yeah, just as you said: everyone has his shortcomings and disadvantages, but you can't just notice that. You must see their power, genius and advantages. Understand them, learn from them and work with them. Then all of you must work together to build up the beautiful mathematics world."

This is a simple story of number one. All of us can understand the mistakes of number one. But can we avoid it in our lives?
