 was a little boy I was very shy and a totally nerd. I lived in the countryside in Hebei province.  In the countryside school we had no enough desks. The teacher would ask two students to share one. So everyone had a desk mate. 


Someday a girl was assigned to be my desk mate. I was suddenly abstracted by her, her eyes, her face, her hair and her skirt. I liked her everything. I liked talking to her. 


But in those days girls and boys barely talked to each other. If I talked with some girl the boys would laugh at me. Then what can I do? I got a naughty idea. I drew a line on the desktop. When she crossed the line I would fight back. So she would talk to me and like me, of course not. She cried someday and I knew it wasn’t a good idea. 


But I was lucky: I found an advantage: I was good at mathematics. Sometimes she would seek my help. She would talk to me on math questions. I would be very happy, even just a few words.  Later I studied mathematics very hard. This is also why I answer mathematics books were my favorite for the table topic. 


The time flied by during the happiness and the wait of it. But I dared not to tell her that I like her. I was shy. I was afraid that boys would laugh at me and even worse she may answer me a sorry or no. I was just a coward and idiot at that time.


Sweaty stories do not always have sweaty ends. At last we graduated from the high school. We went to different universities in different cities. We lost connection soon. We start the new life. I buried this in the deep memory as a naive emotion from a young boy. 


Several years later we met again. We went to a restaurant and sat down to have a dinner. Suddenly she stopped and looked at my eyes. She asked “do you know I like you in the childhood?" I was totally frozen. The truth turned out that we liked each other at the same time. 


The great regret occupied me. I regret that if I was brave maybe we could be together. My cowardice killed this romance. My cowardice made me this great regret. I hate this.


So from that day I told me “be brave, you must be brave to take the responsibility and challenge, otherwise you will regret again". When I was invited to join JET I recalled this story. I decided to grasp this chance so that I will not regret again.
 
 
