The stage
Do you fear something? Barking dog, snake or peacock? I do fear something. One of them is the stage. I fear to stand on the stage and speak in front of a lot of people. You don’t believe it. Sometimes my speech evaluator said “Haijun is relaxed on the stage”. I smiled but totally disagreed. The truth is every time when I stood on this stage my heart always beat so fast and my blood pressure was soaring. And I know many peoples have this feeling when they stand on the stage. Hu Tao said she will feel the stomach hurt when she spoke on the stage at the first two years of the toastmaster.
Everyone has his own reason for this feeling. For me it is because I fear the shame that I can’t perform the speech well. I fear it because I don’t know how to speak. In the school we were trained to listening not talking. No practice no confidence. No confidence no practice. It’s like a spiral. I fear the stage more I stay farther away from it. And then I don’t know how to perform on the stage and what to say. 
In fact I only performed two kinds of speeches before I joined the toastmaster. One was I help the teacher to gather the homework in the high school. I stood in front of the whole class and said “Time to present your homework”. Another case is to introduce myself when I joined a new club, a class or a company. It should be easy but I failed on this once. It was 18 years ago when I joined the university. Everyone needed introduce himself in the front of the whole class. What’s your name? Where do you come from? All of 3 students before me were from Beijing. I was so nervous at that time that I said “I’m from Beijing” too. All laughed. I felt embarrassed and shameful. This resulted in that I feared the stage more! 
I didn’t like this way because I want to speak my voice and share my ideas on the stage. I believe many people have this feeling. They have a lot to say, to share their experience, to tell their stories. This is from our hearts. This is our instinct. This is our needs. Everyone wants to communicate with others. But the fear of the stage like my case drives us far from the stage. I thought I will be always in this way for my whole life. But someone changed my mind, her speeches inspired me.
One year ago I joined the joint meeting with Caterpillar as a guest. On that meeting Sherry delivered her CC1. But she forgot her draft and stunned on the stage for minutes. On a later meeting Sherry shared her feeling at that moment. She was very embarrassed and felt a great pressure at that time. I can understand her feeling. And even I thought maybe Sherry doesn’t want stand on this stage any more. 
Later I joined the club but I feared to stand on this stage to make the speech. Until Sept Sherry presented her CC3. She was not hit down by the former failure and performed it much better than her CC1. She delivered it as the whole and just got several pause. In later meetings Sherry performed her CC4 and CC5. She delivered them very successfully and became the best speaker of our club.
I can see Sherry’s changes I can feel how the stage gave her the courage. And I know she didn’t achieve that suddenly. She got it step by step, speech by speech. The stage is like the hammer, which give her pressure. The speech is like the knock, which forge her. These give Sherry strength and courage and changed her from the Iron to the sword. I think she doesn’t fear the stage so much anymore because she has a strong heart inside now after these speeches.
The stage changed Sherry but not only her also me as the audience. Sherry’s speeches inspired me. Her courage inspired me. Her persistence inspired me. I don’t want to be a coward who always steps back from my fear. I want to fight back my fear like Sherry.  I decided to change myself, to make a try on this stage, try to deliver my speeches.
I registered the role with a moment of excitement. I wrote my draft and recited it again and again. And Hu Tao helped me to do a rehearsal and encouraged me. However I was still very, very nervous before I stepped on the stage. Even I thought maybe I made a wrong decision, which I will regret again. But when I stood on the stage and took a deep breath I found the stage is not so fearful. I looked at the audience and can see the support and the encouragement from the eyes. Sometimes I forgot the exact words to say. But with your support and encouragement I still can go on. I just followed my mind and spoke what I want to say. 
Now I still feel nervous on this stage. My heart still beats very fast. Maybe I didn’t change much on this. But I don’t fear this stage any more. I don’t fear the fear itself any more. I agreed with Franklin Roosevelt what he said “the only thing we have to fear is fear itself”. Without the fear I can express my ideas. I can share my feelings; tell my story on this stage freely. I began to like this stage.
After speech and speech I found this stage is so good. It did not only give us courage but also teach us a lot of things, like the communication skills: focus on theme, body language and voice variety. This stage change not only Sherry and me but also all speakers. Huailing shared his story that he learned a lot when he prepared the speech. This stage can change us greatly and give us a lot of benefits even we did not notice. 
From my view this stage is the best stage. This stage is the best not because of the room, the light or the stage itself. It is because on this stage we had the best mentor; she teaches us many skills of speech. It is because on this stage we have the best evaluators; they help us to improve ourselves step by step. It is because on this stage we have the best audience, they encourage us not joke at us when we make mistakes. This stage is priceless! I almost missed this stage.  But now you should never miss it. You can not find another stage like this one any more. 
Please forget your fear. Please take several steps and stand on this stage. Please join me and share your thoughts, your story and your passion. Maybe this is not easy but when you speak more and more you will find this stage will change you greatly and inspire us again.
It is my experience, my feeling for the stage. Why I feared the stage. How Sherry’s speeches inspired me. How I forget the fear, stand on this stage and like it more and more. At last let me take this change to say thank you. Thank you Sherry. Thank you Hu Tao. Thank you all my evaluators, Youchao, Hongjun and Dai Gang. Thank you my audience.