Swimming

Last Sunday I went to Olympic Park and saw a lot of persons were running. I believe many of you like running as a sport. Maybe some of you joined the marathon games. Yes, running is a pretty good sport. But today I’d like to say: swimming is much better than running, based on my personal experience.

Several years ago I also ran. I ran a lot to lose weight. One day when I run I got a phone call. I answered it but unfortunately I didn’t notice a stone on the road. I fell and hurt my knee badly. I went to hospital, the doctor said: ”Firstly you need a better glasses, secondly you should swim not run” “Why?” “Because your name is Haijun – Navy!”. The doctor told a joke but I really started to swim because swimming was good to my knee. After I swam more and more I learned some benefits of swimming, which running can’t give us. 

Firstly swimming can make us taller while running make us shorter. When you run the gravity will drag you down to the ground, give the pressure to your spine and make you a little shorter. But when we swim, the water will lift up us. Our spines and necks will get relaxed. This will make us a little bit taller. We swim more and more we get taller and taller. Do you know which nation are the tallest? Hollanders! Hollanders must swim a lot because one fourth of Netherland is below the ocean.

Secondly swimming can make us whiter while running make us darker. When you run outdoors, the sunlight and haze will hurt your skin and make it dark. But if we swim all of them are gone. And more the water in the swimming pool contains chlorine. We know chlorine can whiten things. When we swim, the chlorine can whiten our skin. We swim more and more we will become whiter and whiter. You will say “Are you kidding me? You are not white at all”. But if you saw me several years ago when I ran you will say “hi Boy Are you from Africa?”. This is one evidence from myself. Another evidence for this is swimming players, like Sun Yang, Ning Zetao or Piao Taihuan. They swam a lot so they were white and tall.
 
Thirdly swimming can make us focus on thinking and become clever while running can’t. When you run you will always get many disturbances or attractions, you may need answer the phone, just like my case. Or you can listen to music, glance at the beautiful girls just pass by. But when we swim, all of these are gone. The only thing we can do, except swimming, is thinking. Thinking will help us to build up the knowledge and make right decisions. We can think about the working issues, family issues and even the gamble of football. Do you still remember the story of octopus “Polo”. Polo made many correct choices on which team will win in football world cup. Polo was so clever because he thought a lot when he swam. 

Fourthly swimming is a sport for our whole life and help us live longer. We can swim when we were little babies and we still can swim when we are very old. When I go to swim I can see a lot of old women or men. One day I asked one “how old are you?” “Ah, pardon!” “how old are you?” “Ah seventy-eight!”, he answered. Oh seventy-eight! he still can swim but I strongly doubt he can run. If we swim till we are old like this old man, swimming will keep us healthy and lengthen our lives. Do you know which animals live longest on the earth? Turtles! The oldest turtle lived more than one hundred and fifty years. Turtles swim but never run. 

OK, Lady and gentleman do you want to become tall and white? Do you want to become clever? Do you want to live longer? If yes, swimming is the best sport for you! Please join me and start to swim!
