Swimming

In the past several toastmaster meetings, Tao and Qinqin had talked about their experience, their love to running. And Sherry had just finished her semi-marathon. Yes, running is pretty good. But today I’d like to say: swimming is much better than running, based on the following five reasons:

Firstly swimming does less damage to our body. Several years ago I also ran and climbed hills. But someday I feel pain in my left kneel. I went to hospital, the doctor suggest me run less. Then I asked: ”Which sport do you recommend?”. “Swimming of course!” He answered. Later my kneel did not pain any more. When you run you must be very carefully and skillful. Otherwise you would get hurt. Zhang Huailing, our colleague, just got hurt when he run because he did not notice a little pit on the road.

Secondly swimming can make us taller. When we swim, the water will lift up us and our spine and joints got relax. This will make us a bit taller, day after day we got taller and taller. So Hollanders are the tallest because they swim. After all one quarter of their land are below the ocean, they must swim a lot. But when you run your weight will make you shorter and shorter. So I believe Japanese run a lot.

Thirdly swimming can make us more white. The water in the swimming pool contains chlorine for sterilization, which can whiten our skin also. Try to swim two hours and see your hands. But when you run outdoors the sunlight and haze will hurt your skin and make it dark. So we saw many marathon players are from Africa. The champions are always from Ethiopia and Kenya. But for swimming players we can see Sun Yang, Ning Zetao and Piao Taihuan. Oh Sorry! I forget an example just in this room: Dai Gang is our swimming champion.

Fourthly swimming gives us time to think. Everyday we are flooded by kinds of information from our family or colleagues; from PC or mobile phone. So that we have less and less time for thinking. But when we swim, we can focus on thinking, without any disturbance and attraction. When we swim, we cannot answer the phone any more, we cannot listen to music, we cannot talk to others and even we cannot glance at the beautiful girls. The only thing we can do, except swimming, is thinking. We can think about the working issues, family issues and even the prepared speech. Thinking will help us to build up the knowledge and make wise decisions. We think more and more and we will become more and more clever. We all know octopus “Polo”’s story.

Lastly swimming is a sport for our whole life. When I go to swimming I can see a lot of older women and men. Someday I ask one “how old are you?” “Ah, pardon!” “how old are you?” “Ah seventy-eight!”, he answered. I strongly doubt he can run, but he still can swim. And more swimming can lengthen our life: everyone know one fact: turtles live longest on the earth. They swim but never run. The oldest turtle lived more than one hundred and fifty years. While for rabbits, they only live less than five years.

So do you want to become tall and white? Do you want to become clever? Do you want live longer? It’s very clear that swimming is your best choice. 
