Bad Memory
When we face and take the challenge we are brave. But I think it is much braver to face the shortcoming of myself. One of my shortcomings is my bad memory. My bad memory confused and troubled me a lot. 
Someday I got a cold and was going to take some pills but I forget to taste the water. I put the pills in my mouth and drink. Ah! It was very hot. So I was not cold any more. This time my bad memory hurt my mouth a little.
But later my bad memory caused worse things. Someday I walked out and suddenly I met a friend we had not met for a long. He said "Hi Haijun, how are you". "Yeah, fine. Thank you. And you". “Yeah, still OK, do you still remember me?” But I totally forget his name. It was so embarrassing to forget his name. Ah, wait, he has the same family with my wife, Wang. "You are lao wang ba". So PIA PIA. When I went home my wife asked "what's happened to you". "Just fall when run" "Stop running and go swim"
So I went to swim. When I arrived at the swimming pool but I forget my swimming glass at home. Go home and get it. NO. I decided to swim without it, I jump into the pool and start. I found my eyes would got hurt so I closed my eyes and just swam near the border.  En everything is OK. But suddenly my muscles got pain, so I swam hard to try to get on the bank. I tried to open the eyes but still hurt and cannot see the border. I tried to stand up but I cannot reach the bottom. I had swum into the deep zone. I swam harder and harder but I still cannot get the border. Oh. the only thing I can do is shouting out "HELP". I got saved at last. This time my bad memory almost killed me.
So I must solve this. I must make sure my bad memory will not hurt me badly again. I think over and over and found three methods/solutions:
Firstly I need to organize the belongings and information clearly and carefully. So I bought a bag with many pockets, I put the things in different pocket. The key is in pocket one, the badge is in pocket two, the phone is in pocket three. Then I can just check the bag’s pockets to make sure I have taken all belongings. I do all of these to my life, which make me got an illness: I even must organize the money to make sure they arranged neatly. I will feel very uneasy if they are in a mess. It is not acceptable when I see the man kiss a man, even he is Chairmen Mao. 
Secondly I got another person with better memory to help me – my wife. Now when I cannot find something I just ask: “Dear, where is my bag, where is my phone, where is my camera, where is my money?”. Yes, I need ask my wife for the passcode of the bank cards. And this also have some other impact: someday Mingxin asked me to borrow some money. Then I picked up the phone and said: “I need ask my wife”. He said immediately “Forget it”. Oh, I just need ask my wife the passcode.
Thirdly I connect the things I cannot remember with something famous or easy to remember. For the name, I usually connect them to famous guys. For our club members, Hao Youchao, I will recall as “Hao Ren” a good guy. For Hu Tao, I will remember it as “Hu Jintao”, the ex-president. And for Pan Pu, Oh, let me think, <look out of the window>, SOHO, I connected it to “Pan Shiyi”. the CEO of SOHO. Then our club JET is leaded by "Good Guy",  guided by "the president" and "Pan CEO" is the treasurer. What a wonderful club.
That’s all, about my bad memory and how I work hard to solve it.

