Relax and do your best
Have you heard the story about the race of turtle and hare? Yes? Then I won’t repeat it to save time. The hare failed because he slept during the race. When I was a child my parents always reminded me this story: Dear son Do not act like the hare. You should always study hard and rest less. Otherwise others will overtake you and you will lose. But I strongly doubt this story. I thought maybe the hare can run faster and overtake the turtle after he slept and got relaxed.
One day I had a Botany class in the high school. I did not like it at all and thought it was boring so I had a short sleep. Later I waked up. I found I got refreshed and reenergized. But I did not like to see the teacher and kept the gesture of sleep. I could hear, remember what the teacher said and understand the knowledge. I felt very happy to have this relaxation. But unfortunately the teacher wasn’t happy because he noticed me. I shouted out “Deng Haijun! Stand up!”. Then He asked me several questions. But I answered all of them easily and correctly. The teacher couldn’t say any words but asked me to sit down. 
I slept like the hare but didn’t fail. From this I realized a good sleep will relax us and help us do better.  This will make us easier to success. Many times we are told “failure is the mother of success”. Maybe sleep, a good sleep is the father of the success. After all they share the same first letter – S: sleep and success. A sweet sleep is a good way to relax and success. 
Please go further. What’s the relaxation? The relaxation is a state free of pressure. If we feel very relax and then we can do better. I learned this from an incident. One day I got sick and had a fever before an exam. I couldn’t read the books and prepare the exam any more. My parents told me:” Forget the exam, and just relax”. So I crouched in sofa, ate apples and watched TV. I totally forgot the textbooks, exam and pressure. At last I was recovered before the exam. Shall I fail because I did not prepare for this exam? No, I got the highest score in my class. I thought the main reason was that I was the most relaxed one and had no pressure.
Then how can we forget the pressure? How can we relax ourselves?  Get sick every time. No. Just repeat “relax! Relax!” to ourselves. It will not relax but give us more pressure. At last I found a way: reading. Reading can relax me. Oh of course I am not talking about the textbooks but the interesting stories, especially the sword-man stories.
Before the college entrance exam we were given one day’s holiday to relax. Many of my classmates still studied hard and prepared for the exam. But I didn’t. I knew I needed relax myself. So I borrowed a sword-man story book <Tian Long Ba Bu> written by Jin Yong and started to read. I was totally abstracted by this book and forgot the pressure. I took the exam in a very relaxed mood. I succeed again: the result was good. Thank you, Mr. Jin Yong.
Forgetting the pressure can relax us and help us success. But maybe we should forget the success itself, because the pursuit of success is the root of the pressure and block us to do better and then block us from success itself. 
 Let’s back to the story of turtle and hare. One day I met this hare and interviewed him: “Why did you sleep?”. His answer surprised me:” I met a hare lady and fell in love with her. So I decided to stay and forgot the race.” “But why did we know this?” “The writer wouldn’t let the students fall in love so early”. “Then do you regret for your decision?” “Not at all. I lost a race but won a love, a family”. 
The hare told us a truth: success or failure is not the important in the life. Now we can’t say the hare failed in the race. So please forget the success, the pressure and the fear to failure. Get relax and be yourself. 
