From Success to Failure

In the ancient China the oranges in Huainan were big and sweet. Then someone got some seeds and planted them in Huaibei. But the oranges became bitter and acid. This Chinese idiom story tells us the output of the same seeds may be different when the environment changes. 

Now from the Darwin’s evolution theory we knew the orange tree in Huainan adapted to the local natural environment. The root, truck, leaves, flowers and fruits works fine with the local sunlight, wind, water and field of Huainan. And all of these will be recorded in the seed, in the DNA, in the genes. The environment may change easily from Huainai to Huaibei but the genes cannot. The same genes made the orange big and sweet in Huainan but small and bitter in Huaibei.

This rule works for plants and also works for peoples. The genes of the past success may lead to the later failure because the environment changes. I learned this by my several failures. 

When I was in the high school I succeeded in the study. The genes of my success were "focus on study" and "ask why". “Focus on study” means I only noticed and cared about the books, problems and the knowledge. "Ask why" means I did not only want the correct answer but the best way to get it. I did these years by years and they help me succeed. They became my habits, my characters and my genes. They made me success in the high school, but did not in the university. 

My study in the university was still good. But the study was not the only important things any more. In the university boy started to like girls and date them. So do I.

One day I met a girl, she was so beautiful and I liked her at once. Later I found she always went to one classroom to do the homework. So I followed her, sat behind her and studied too. Several days later when I did so I found an interesting mathematics problem. I was totally abstracted by it. Suddenly the girl put away her bag and stood up. She spoke to me in a low voice when she passed me "I've finished and I am going to leave". But I was still focusing on the problem so I did not raise my head and answered her "I still have a problem, you can go ahead". My gene "focus" let the girl go and failed me.

I learned from this failure and started to switch my focus from study to girls. It worked. Later I met another girl. We started to date. We went shopping or saw movies. But my second gene “ask why” troubled me. I always wanted to clarify the meanings of choices. I couldn’t help asking “why?” before the decisions. For an example I will asked "Why we see this movie not that one?", "Why do you buy this pink skirt, you already had another similar one?" Then we would begin to argue. At last the girl shouted to me: "Shut up! I don't like the boy who always asking 'why?'" Maybe the girl just wanted a boy “No why just buy”. But I couldn’t stop asking why. So we broke up. The gene “ask why” failed me again.

My old genes of the past success led to my failures. Maybe the new genes for the new environment were “focus on girl” and “No why just buy”. It was easy to know this but difficult to do. I cannot change my genes so easily because I had spent more than ten years on them. I made more success the genes became more strong. Then it will be more difficult for me to adapt to the new environments, to change for the new challenges. It will be more likely for me to fail. 

We always say “Failure is the mother of success”. But to me the success is the father of failure. The genes of the success pass down to the failure, just like my stories. So we should learn from not only the failure but also the success. Learning from both of them and study on the new environment, then we will succeed and succeed. 

These are my stories: how my former success led to my later failure. Thank you!
