Power of music

When I was a little boy, I like reading and drawing but not singing, not music. I thought it was because I sang ugly and badly and didn̿ know anything about music. There seemed be a wall between me and the music, which blocked me from the beautiful musical world.

But the music changed this seven years ago. It was one day in the Sept of 2008. I visited Berlin for business. At the weekend I wandered on the streets. It was cloudy, windy and a bit cold. And more many Berliners only spoke Germany, not English. I felt lonely, disappointed and was in a low mood. 

At about 10 o'clock I arrived at the square of republic, which is like the Tiananmen Square. There I saw a group of youngers, about twenty peoples. They were playing drums. They had bass drums and snare drums. The bass drums, dong-dong-dong, were like people̼ paces, slow but strong and firm. The snare drums, dang -dang- dang, were like the people̼ voice, short, quick but loud. The whole music was like a troop, which is marching to the battlefield to fight the enemy. 

The music was so exciting and beautiful. I couldn̿ speak Germany but I could enjoy the music. Suddenly I felt I couldn̿ control myself. My heart started to beat with the music. My breathing started to follow the rhythm. I felt warm and excited just like I joined them and became one of them. It was the first time I knew the beauty of the music, the power of the music. The music can make strangers become friends. The wall in my heart between me and the music began to collapse.

From that day I began to listen to the music. When I listened more, I knew more about it. The different music has different beauties, different power. Some music can tell story, like the Main Title in the TV show the Game of Throne. The viola and the violin seems repeating the story and the history. <croon the music> The music lead me to a world of ice and fire. The music lead me to a world of hero and war. While some music can relax us, like Summer of Joe Hisaishi. The piano let us feel the happiness of the little boy when he left the school and ran home. <repeat the music>. From the music I can feel his paces so light like a little bird. From the music I can feel the school bag jumping on his shoulders when he ran. 

I believed the music had many other powers, which I didn't know. But where did the power come from? Or why the music has the power? I think it is because the music is beautiful. The music is the beauty of the voice and the sound; the music is the beauty of the soul and the nature. We like music because we like the beauty, love the beauty. The love to music inspires the power inside us. Our breathing, our pulse and our heartbeat followed the beats of the music, were synchronized to the rhythm of the music, just like me in Berlin. The music abstracts us, leads us, gathers us and unites us. The music becomes the communication and connections between us, lets us become friends from strangers. 

So please join me, remove the wall in your heart. Listen to the music and embrace the music. You will feel the beauty of the music; feel the power of the music. You can feel free and get a beautiful new world.
