Tiny Things changed history
In the classical historical books the history is leaded by the great persons and marked as big issues. We learned how the emperor Qin Shi Huang created his dynasty and what happened in the world war. But today I＊d tell some tiny things changed the history after I read this book.
We all knew Chinese history is about 5000 years and Egyptian built Pyramid 5000 years ago. Why?  At the beginning the archaic human being made their lives on hunting or gathering fruit. But these foods were rare or un-stable. So the people must struggle from hungry and work very hard. Until one day the tiny things were found 每 some seeds. The seeds of rice were found in China, wheat was found in the west Asia. Archaeologist found the remains of human being increase greatly where the remains of seeds were found. It showed the populations increased when human being began to plant seeds because the agriculture can provide 10 times more food than before. With these food people did not need work so hard and began to write, paint and draw.  And the culture leveraged after this population boomed. Based on this we can say the seeds 每 just tiny seeds create the culture of human being. Without these seeds we are still hurting dear or rabbit, not relaxed and talking here. 
Sometimes the peoples will exchange the food and seeds, especially from the Age of Discovery. Corn was transferred to China from 16 century to 17 century and Potato 17 century. These provided more food especially in the Northern China. This made the Chinese population increased from 100 mill to 400 mill. You know: the Chinese population was already 60 mill at Han dynasty. It is another evidence how new seeds, new food help people live.
The seeds were so important that any things, which happened to the seeds, will become big issues. In 19 century Irishman only planted potato because it produced more. And potato also made the population increased more than 3 times in 100 years, from 3 mill to 9 mill. But at 1840＊s the potato got sick and produced much less, and worse this continued 6 years. Nearly 2 mill persons died because of staving, which was one quarter of Ireland. And more than 1 mill left Ireland and went to US, which provided lots of workers for US. 
Why potato got sick? This also led us to another tiny thing, which changed the history 每 the germ or virus. The germ is much more small than seeds even we cannot see it directly but they changed the history so greatly. The seeds survived the peoples while the germ kill people. 
In fact germ or virus killed much more in the history than we guess. We always known the world war kill many peoples. But Spanish flu killed 50 mill to 100 mill from 1918 to 1920, which was more than the peoples killed in First World War 每 just 16 mill. 
Another case, which was well known, Smallpox, a virus from ox to human, was brought to America by Spanish. It killed much more Indian than the gun because they had no resistance to smallpox. In 100 years Indians in Mexico decreased from 20 mill to just 2 mill. And then Spanish and Portuguese began to rule America.
The seeds survived the peoples while the germ killed people. But these two small things are connected not only because these. In fact germs are the result of the seeds.
After human being planted seed they will not move and began to feed animals, e.g. cows or sheep. Many germs or virus were transferred from these animals to peoples, just like the smallpox. And people will not move and gathered into cities later, which also increased the risk of germ and virus spreading. 
From these points the human history was changed or impacted by some tiny things not only some big issues or great ones.  
