Let¡¯s sketch
In the Sept of 2008 I visited Berlin. All hotels in downtown were reserved out. So I went to a small hotel in a small town nearby Berlin. It was pretty good except one problem: the waiter and the waitress can¡¯t speak English and I can¡¯t speak Germany. How can I communicate with and order my dinner? I thought and thought and found a solution: I draw what I want on a paper like this. <show the picture>.  The waiter smiled and said ¡°OK¡±. He understood me very easy. 
From that day I found drawing is a good way for the communication. Maybe it can¡¯t be called drawing, it is a sketch. I began to sketch more and more. I sketch to remember something. I sketch for my new ideas. I sketch when I did not know how to say. I found sketch is so good and it can solve many problems for me.
Sketch can help us in the company, especially during meetings. 
Firstly sketch helps us to express ourselves on the meeting. Sometime when we talk about some technical issues, I find sketch is more effective than words. We can describe a product with just a simple picture like this, <show the picture> but it will need more than 10 sentences to describe it clearly. Next time when you find something different to say, you can try to sketch it on the board.
Secondly sketch helps me to remember what other said on the meeting. A Chinese idiom says ¡°a pen remembers more than a good brain¡±. But when I try to text what the speaker said, I find I can¡¯t catch them and always lost something. Mouth is much faster than hands. While when I sketch I found I can follow them because sketch is easier and more effective than only text. 
Thirdly sketch makes me understand more. When I sketch and text at the same time I receive more information than only text. And we can connect them together. Later I learned the dual coding theory from Allan Paivio. In his theory our brains receive visual and verbal information at the same time. These form a complete picture in our brain. And we can understand more from this picture. 
Sketch can help us not only in the business but also in our daily life. 
Firstly sketch is easy and interesting. Sketch is not painting. We do not need make it perfect and beautiful. It will be oK if others can understand you. It is very easy to sketch.  So we can see children can understand sketches before they can read.  They began to sketch before they can write.  Several years ago my daughter didn¡¯t like brushing teeth. So I sketched this picture to reminder her. <show the picture>  It was easier and more interesting for her than words. 
Secondly sketch spurs us to get some new ideas. When we sketch our ideas, our thoughts, we can have the whole picture. And we can find some new ideas from this whole picture. Sketch has no limit on our new ideas, our imagination. We can draw anything as our will before we can say it. We can draw a cat with 2 heads and they are quarrelling. 
Thirdly when we sketch more and more, sketch will become a dairy to record our life. But compared to dairy, sketch is more interesting and not so formal. We can sketch everything in our life: our feelings, our stories, our happiness or our sadness. Yuzhou, an EZFM talk show host, published her dairy in a sketch book. <show the book>  It is colorful, funny, interesting and attractive. I finished it in just 1 hour. I am also planning to sketch such a book for my life!
Please put down your mobile phone in the meeting. And pick up a pen and a paper; sketch what you say and what you hear. Then you can find you remember more, understand more and benefit more. And please take a pen and a note book in your bag with you. Sketch what you feel and what you think. Then you find how interesting the life is.
