Holiday
2014/12/17 by Deng Haijun
Today we held the 27th meeting and welcomed the guest Jason Li from VolksWagon Finance China.
As Today's topic was "holiday", our dear toast master Zhang Huiling expressed his worry on the questions he must faced when he goes home in the holiday "when will you get married".
After the evaluation teams explained their responsibilities we begin the most exciting part: the table topic session. Today's table topic master Hugo started this session by just some examples of questions on the theme "holiday" and began the questions draw part at once.
Chi Fengxin thought the books are the best gift to the child, which made us believe he will become a good father. Jason shared his story in the April Fool's Day: he was fooled by his colleague. And Hugo encouraged him to fight back with an lawsuit. Both Sherry and Pan Pu answered the question "What will you do if you are the officer of '全国假日办'?" Sherry's answer was to let the person decide their own holiday. Pan Pu's answer is to cancel '全国假日办' and do not re-schedule the weekend with the public holiday. We can't agree them more. For Jeff he decided to go to Hongkong Disney park with his daughter. Laura expressed her thanks to her parents, students and colleagues. Wang Xin, your timer, also expressed his thanks to his mother. He must had a lot to say because he overtimed. Amy said she would say "Be brave" on the New Year Cards to encourage her friends.
Eight table topic speakers! A new record in JET's history! Wah "Holiday" is really hot topic and we had a lot to say! Hugo did a really good job! 

For the prepared speeches both Sherry and Haijun delivered their CC5. Sherry's topic is "Exciting moment of the shopaholics". She described how crazy the person become for shopping and how can we control our desire. Haijun's topic is "From success to failure". He started his speech with a Chinese idiom story "南橘北枳" and his understanding with modern science. Later he shared his story how he failed because of his former success. From his story we know "Success is the father of the failure".

In the most valuable evaluation session Hu Tao gave an very useful and practical suggestion how to structure our table topic speech with the frameworks like "past-present-future", "how-who-why-when" and so on. Jeff think Sherry delivered a great speech with an interesting topic and perfect body language. Amy suggested Haijun to give more eye contacts. Dai Gang Thanks for their great suggestions!

Eventually after ballot, Sherry won the best speaker, our queen of evaluation Hu Tao won the best evaluator (Who can tell me how many times Hu Tao has won this honor?), Amy won the best table topic speaker and our humorous toast master Zhang Huailing won the best role.

Next week we will have a lunch together to celebrate the Chrismas and New Year. Later we will holda table topic marathon on the topics "my family" or "my hometown". We are looking forwarding to it! 