Happy New Year JET
2014/12/31 by Deng Haijun
Today we held the 29th meeting at the last day of 2014, and so it was the last meeting in 2014! As some members took vocations we had only 7 official members and 2 guests Jason Li and Wang Aihua for today's meeting.
Our toast master Deng Haijun opened the meeting and wish JET happy new year and hope every one will feel relax and happy in toastmaster meetings.
After the evaluation teams explained their responsibilities we begin the most exciting part: the table topic session. Today's table topic master Huailing repeated the table topic "memories and wishes" and encouraged every one to share. Haijun wish he can go to Greece again with his wife to celebrate 10 years anniversary of wedding. Jason wished he can improve the language skill and management skill, and get a car license. Aihua also agreed with Jason, she wish she can get another car license and go aboard with some friends for view-sight. Li Hongjun wish Beijing become better, less smog, less traffic jam and less home work for her son! Great wishes! We hope all of these will come to true! Li Qinqin wish she can get much more money, a car, a big house and a handsome boy to marry, :) some many! We bless Qinqin's wishes come to true sooner or later! Chi Fengxin recalled how he made progress in JET and how he benefited from playing badminton. Pan Pu expressed he learned a lot from JET. Yes, practice makes best! Sherry wish she become rich and more beautiful and expect a baby. At last Huailing talked about the experience he joined JET and hope he can do better in the comming year! We wish all of our wish comes to true!

For the prepared speeches Chi Fengxin delivered his CC4 speech "George type fast". Oh who is George? It turns out to be "George R.R. Martin, the famous writer who wrote the famous story "A song of ice and fire" which hadn't ended. This title came from the wish of funs, who hope George write the story quickly. By the way, this story had been adapted to HBO TV show "Game of Thrones". 

In the most valuable evaluation session Sherry made a 10 minutes table topic evaluation: she expanded the everyone's good points and bad points clearly. The prepared speech evaluator Li Hongjun highlighted Chi Fengxin's good points: intersting story, vivid voice and also suggest Fengxin more body language and better story structure. Our experience general evaluator Pan Pu also gave his suggestions to let us do better in the next meetings. Thanks to all of these suggestions. 

Eventually after ballot, Chi Fengxin won the best speaker without any opponents. Sherry and Hongjun shared the prize of best evaluator. Pan Pu won the best table topic speaker, which means one of his dreams came true! Haijun won the best role, the second time!

Jason decided to join JET and move forward with us! Great！ 

At we took a group photo and spoke "Happy New Year" loudly. Good bye 2014. Welcome 2015!