Beyond the dream
2014-11-05 Deng Haijun
Youchao is on his business trip so Hu Tao take the acting president. We have 20 attendants for today’s toast master, which include 5 guests: He Min and Thomas from JDSU, Amber from CAT, Lina and Grace from ??. Our meeting room is so crowned and the air is hot. Haijun start the meeting with a naughty joke on Tim. Then he stated his understanding and story on dreams.

Then Liu Qinqin started the table topic session and talked her feeling on dream and ideal. Then she post 3 questions on the wall and 4 questions in the cup. 5 guys took the challenge and Hu Tao chose a very interesting question “If your dream is to change your gender, what will you do when your dream come true? ” She answers she will choose a lady like herself as wife. Very fun answer, and this made us all laughed loudly and gave her the best table topic speaker. 

For the prepared speech session Hugo shared his experience how his neck got pain and how he changed the posture and got better. His humor and vivid voice remind us “health is the most important”. Everyone nodded to agree with him and finished some neck exercise. Huailing shared a story with a hamlet's title. When he travelled in May he helped an injured old lady after an ideological struggle.
Jianhua made a successful speech for her CC7 “Where our money gone”, Not surprisingly, the government took much from our wallet. Her powerpoint, vocal rhythm and body language are pretty good, which give her the best speaker!

In the most valuable evaluation session Sherry suggested and encouraged Hugo to leave the note and add more supporting examples for the second part. Hu Tao was impressed by Huailing's words and suggest Huailing to notice the vocal rhythm. Yifang evaluated Jianhua's speech highly. 

Today’s meeting got a 15 minutes’s overtime. It seems the timer need a more powerful weapon, maybe the hummer of the president.
In the awarding and photo session Haijun strongly demanded a banner for best role because he got it today. :)

