A great product 
- you should never miss!

After the marriage my body is getting fatter and fatter while my wallet is getting slimmer and slimmer. So I decide to run a business: to sell a great product. What’s it? It is cockroach. Now the ladies and girls are beginning to thrill and will shout out at once: ”No, we don’t like cockroach. No one will buy it”. Just calm down and don’t say No so quickly! I am not asking you to marry me. Why do I sell these to you? It is because you need it sometimes. You can use it in your daily life.


For the boy who has a girlfriend, like Tao Ran. You should buy one. Sometimes your girlfriend is angry on you or she don’t want to talk to you. Then you can use the cockroach. Put it on the floor quickly and quietly. When your girlfriend sees it she will fear and ask your help. Now it is time for you to show your courage, your power and your value. Don’t say you are also afraid of cockroach!


For the girl who has a boyfriend, like Qinqin. You should buy one. You can use it when you date with your boyfriend. Put the cockroach on the floor quickly and quietly. You pretend to be scary and ask help. The cockroach will change you from a super woman to a little lovely girl and this may improve your relationship with your boyfriend. 


For people who have children, like Youchao and Hu Tao. You should buy one. Sometimes the teacher will ask the students to obverse animals and prepare reports. But it takes too much effort to raise a dog, a cat or fishes. And all of them are too common; many students will prepare reports on them. But cockroach never becomes the focus. The theme on cockroach will make your children’s report unique and outstanding! 


Another use case of cockroach may not apply for you now, but someday in the future! It is for the job hunter. Do you still remember the movie <Tang Bohu dian Qiuxiang>. In this movie Tang Bohu get the job by his impressive show. He cried to express his love to the cockroach “Xiao Qiang”. Maybe you can use the cockroach to show your talent on show in the future.


I believe we can found many other reasons to buy the cockroach. Now you will say “Yes, but why shall I buy the cockroach from you? I can find some in the kitchen easily”. Yes, you can find a cockroach easily. But our cockroaches are different. They are raised and trained carefully. And we created a trademark and icon for our peacock like Apple. We decide to call our cockroach iEat and the icon is the moon. This show how great and how powerful our cockroach is. Now they are not just cockroaches. They are the symbol of the life style. They are the symbol of your great power. They are the symbol of your unique success!


Today I'm very glad to announce the sixth generation of the cockroach - iEat six and iEat six plus. Our slogan for this generation is eat more than more. And we decide to provide a special one, a limited edition for our honorable customer. This one is the king of cockroach. You will say “Are you kidding me? The cockroach king George.Edward.Wiliam 6th had died during the war with butterfly.” Yes, but we are lucky: we got one drop of blood, the true blood of the cockroach king. With the help of tall technology like ANA, BNA, CNA and DNA we cloned the king of cockroach. 


You don’t believe it? Look at the color of wings. It is golden. Look at the pattern on the head. It is the badge of king. Look at the antennas, which are so long and strait. All of these show his unique identity. The pure lineage is priceless.


The good news is we set a very reasonable price for this priceless cockroach, just 99,999 yuan! And more we provide a special offer for today to celebrate the release of the 6th generation. Now it is not 99,999, not 9,999, it just is 999. This lucky price is only for today!


What are you waiting for? Why are you hesitating now? Please pick up your phone and call us at 444-444-4444. Or you can login our web sites cheatyou.taobao.com. We accept all kinds of cards, credit cards, bus cards, IC cards or IQ cards. All of them are OK! Please don’t wonder! Don’t hesitate! Buy it at once! Otherwise you will regret for your whole life. It is just 999 yuan! You won’t be fooled. You won’t lose anything. You will get a great product with just 999 yuan and it will change everything again! 
