Power of music

When I was a little boy, I like reading and drawing but not music. I sang ugly and didn¡¯t know anything about music. There seems be a wall between me and the music.

But the music changed me at one day in the Sept of 2008. Seven years ago I visited Berlin for business. I wondered in the city at the weekend. It was cloudy, windy and a bit cold. And more many Berliners only spoke Germany. I was a bit disappointed and in a low mood. At the 10 clock I arrived at the square of republic, which is like the TianAnMen square in Beijing. There I saw a group of younger, about twenty guys.  They were playing drum, dong-dong-dong. I have no idea to this day what¡¯s the title or who¡¯s the composer, but the music was so excited, beautiful and powerful. It was like the sunlight which just come from the cloud, made me warm and excited. It was the first time I knew the beauty of the music, the power of the music. The wall between me and the music collapsed.

I sang still ugly but I began to listen to the music and like it and love it. When I listened more, I knew more about the power of the music. The different music has different power. Some music can tell story, like the Main Title by Ramin Djawadi in the TV show the Game of Throne, the drum and violin seems repeating the story. Some music can relax us, like Summer of Joe Hisaishi in movie Kikujiro, the piano let us feel the happiness of the little boy when he left the school and ran home.

I believed the music had many other powers, which I didn¡¯t know. But where did the power come from or why the music has these powers? I think it is because the music is beautiful; it is the beauty of the voice and the sound, it is the beauty of the souls and the nature. Peoples like music because we like the beauty, love the beauty and chase for the beauty. The beauty of music got echo from us. Our breathing, our pulse and our heartbeat followed the music, embraced the music and saluted to the music. The music inspires the power inside ourselves and leads us; unite us. And the music becomes the communication or connections between us.

The music can take some obstacles, which other communication methods can¡¯t, like talking, reading or drawing. Sometimes the music can take the obstacle of the language. I didn¡¯t understand Germany but I can get inspired by the music they played. Some other times the music can take the obstacle of the age. I felt difficult to explain my jobs to my grandparents but they thought it pleasant and interesting when I played the songs of the legend of phoenix. 

I think my words are boring and cannot convince you because I haven¡¯t the power of music. So I decide to let the music do this. This is the movie Shawshank Redemption. The major character Andy Dufresne was sentenced to the prison. One day he found a record and broadcasted to all of the prisoners, who may not know the name or composer, but they still can feel the beauty of music, the power of music. OK let see this part of video. This music is The Marriage of Figaro by Mozart, chapter 2.

1:07:30 ¨C 1:10:03

This voice is from Red, Andy¡¯s friend, another prisoner, casted by Morgan Freeman.

I thought my feeling at Berlin just like Red said, the music made those walls dissolved away and every man felt free. So please join me, remove the wall in your heart, and embrace the music. And you will feel free and feel the power.
