I miss you, my home town because I miss the happiness of the childhood.
I miss you, my home town because the times passed by and didn't come back.
I miss you, my home town because I miss something and someone.

I miss you my home town because I miss the blue sky.
I remember the cloud flying by
I remember the rainbow after the storm.
And the Milky Way hanged over the sky at the night like a huge eye.

I miss you my home town because I miss the crops and fields
I remember the wheats were like the huge blankets.
I remember the corns were like the forests to explore.
And the white flowers of the cotton were like the snow.

I miss you my home town because I miss the road to school
I remember the tall trees standing by the road like the guards
I remember the twinkling sunlight spots on the ground
And how soft the wind kissed my face when I rode my bicycle.

I miss you my home town because I miss my old house.
I remember the apple tree in the yard and the fruits were so delicious
I remember the pond in the front of the house because frogs always sing at the summer evenings
And another neighborhood - little birds chirped to wake up me at the mornings

I miss you my home town because I miss the happiness of games
I remember how excited I was when I flied the kite at the windy days.
I remember how focus I was when we played the game "hide and catch"
The cars, planes and animals made of the mud, ugly and still vivid to me.

I miss you my home town because I miss my chase of the knowledge.
I remember I laughed when I understood why the square root of two was an irrational number.
I remember I cried when I read Andersen's story "the daughter of the sea".
The smell of the book, paper and ink always come to my dreams till now.

I miss you my home town because I miss my little friends.
I remember how we caught the fish together in the brooks.
I remember how we wandered in the village at the New Year's Eve with candles
And how we laughed at each other when we fell on the slippery road after the snow

I miss you my home town because I miss one girl
I remember the tears on her face when I joked her.
I remember the view of her back when I followed her.
But now the only thing I can do is pray, pray you are healthy and happy.

I miss you my home town because I miss my grandparents
I remember my grandpa seated me on his bicycle to the bazaar.
I remember my grandma gave me the cookies at the New Year’s evening.
But now the only thing I can do is pray, pray they are happy in the heaven.

I miss you my home town because I miss all of the above 
I miss you my home town because I know all are gone
I miss you my home town because you are the only!

